Docs: Include a note about supported licenses in WordPress packages (#66562)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/README.md

    }
    ```

>     Both `wpScript` and `wpScriptModuleExports` may be included if the package exposes both a script and a script module. These fields are also essential when performing a license check for all their dependencies, because they trigger strict validation against compatibility with GPL2. All remaining dependencies WordPress doesn't distribute but uses for development purposes can contain also a few other OSS compatible licenses.

Reviewer: What if a package is published to npm but not used in WordPress core itself as a script or script module. Wouldn't that still need to comply with the GPL?

Author: That's a tricky one. I think `@wordpress/react-i18n` is one of these packages that isn't used in WordPress core but is still published to npm. I see it is annotated as `wpScript` 🤔

Author: I landed as is but I’ll keep thinking how to better represent these meta information. 

I have also started wondering whether all WordPress development packages can be considered GPL v2 if they depend on broader OSS compatible licenses. However it’s outside of my area expertise.

>     Both `wpScript` and `wpScriptModuleExports` may be included if the package exposes both a script and a script module. These fields are also essential when performing a license check for all their dependencies, because they trigger strict validation against compatibility with GPL2. All remaining dependencies WordPress doesn't distribute but uses for development purposes can contain also a few other OSS compatible licenses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Both `wpScript` and `wpScriptModuleExports` may be included if the package exposes both a script and a script module. These fields are also essential when performing a license check for all their dependencies, because they trigger strict validation against compatibility with GPL v2. All remaining dependencies WordPress doesn't distribute but uses for development purposes can contain also a few other OSS compatible licenses.
```
